Readme and documentation update (#376)
warrensbox/terraform-switcher: README.md

[![Build Status](https://github.com/warrensbox/terraform-switcher/actions/workflows/build.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/warrensbox/terraform-switcher/actions/workflows/build.yml)
[![Go Report Card](https://goreportcard.com/badge/github.com/warrensbox/terraform-switcher)](https://goreportcard.com/report/github.com/warrensbox/terraform-switcher)
![GitHub Release](https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/warrensbox/terraform-switcher)
![GitHub go.mod Go version](https://img.shields.io/github/go-mod/go-version/warrensbox/terraform-switcher)

# Terraform Switcher

<img style="text-align:center" src="https://s3.us-east-2.amazonaws.com/kepler-images/warrensbox/tfswitch/smallerlogo.png" alt="drawing" width="120" height="130"/>

> The `tfswitch` command line tool lets you switch between different versions of [terraform](https://www.terraform.io/).  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `tfswitch` command line tool lets you switch between different versions of [Terraform](https://www.terraform.io/).  
```

> If you do not have a particular version of terraform installed, `tfswitch` will download and verify the version you desire.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you do not have a particular version of Terraform installed, `tfswitch` will download and verify the version you desire.  
```

The installation is minimal and easy.  

> Once installed, simply select the version you require from the dropdown and start using terraform.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once installed, simply select the version you require from the dropdown and start using Terraform.
```

## Documentation

> Click [here](https://tfswitch.warrensbox.com) for our extended documentation.

Reviewer: I don't think we should entirely remove the installation instructions! 

Maybe we can have a subheading for Installation with a link to the relevant install page here instead, including listing all the ways installation is supported? (eg. via Brew, build from source, go get etc)

Reviewer 2: +1

## Quick Start
### Dropdown Menu

> Just call `tfswitch` and select the desired terraform version via the dropdown menu.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Once installed](https://tfswitch.warrensbox.com/Installation/), execute `tfswitch` and select the desired Terraform version via the dropdown menu.
```

### Version on command line

> Call `tfswitch 1.7.0` to install terraform in the version 1.7.0. Replace version string with your desired version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use `tfswitch 1.7.0` to install Terraform version 1.7.0. Replace the version number as required.
```

[![Go Report Card](https://goreportcard.com/badge/github.com/warrensbox/terraform-switcher)](https://goreportcard.com/report/github.com/warrensbox/terraform-switcher)
![GitHub Release](https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/warrensbox/terraform-switcher)
![GitHub go.mod Go version](https://img.shields.io/github/go-mod/go-version/warrensbox/terraform-switcher)

# Terraform Switcher

<img style="text-align:center" src="https://s3.us-east-2.amazonaws.com/kepler-images/warrensbox/tfswitch/smallerlogo.png" alt="drawing" width="120" height="130"/>

The `tfswitch` command line tool lets you switch between different versions of [Terraform](https://www.terraform.io/).  
If you do not have a particular version of Terraform installed, `tfswitch` will download and verify the version you desire.  
The installation is minimal and easy.  
Once installed, simply select the version you require from the dropdown and start using terraform.

## Documentation
Click [here](https://tfswitch.warrensbox.com) for our extended documentation.

## Installation

> `tfswitch` is available as a binary and on various package managers (eg. brew). 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`tfswitch` is available as a binary and on various package managers (eg. Homebrew). 
```

See [our installation documentation](https://tfswitch.warrensbox.com/Installation) for more details. 

> [!IMPORTANT]

> > The version identifier of `tfswitch` has changed to align with the common `go` package versioning. 

Reviewer 2: What are those trailing single spaces for? 🤔

Reviewer: There are many in this file - I just split the lines up. I'll remove them.
